the park is now beneath five meters of
water too deep
even for Elephants they must reach the
safety of the hills
not even water buffalo can survive in
this much water
solid ground but this is no place for
Elephants
many animals have died making this
crossing
of there are nimble but the elephants
must wait
it's still a long way to the hills and
the herd is now outside the protection
of the park
thousands of people have had to leave
their homes it's a national disaster
everywhere people and animals are
fleeing the rising waters and when their
paths cross
neither is safe a lone bull elephant is
desperate for dry land but the villagers
are afraid for their houses and their
lives
he'll have to seek sanctuary elsewhere
the hills
they've all survived